Refine the document for getting start (#394)
shipwright-io/build: DEVELOPMENT.md

To check out this repository:

1.  Create your own
    [fork of this repo](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)
1.  Clone it to your machine:

```shell
mkdir -p ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/shipwright-io
cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/shipwright-io
git clone git@github.com:${YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME}/build.git
cd build
git remote add upstream git@github.com:shipwright-io/build.git
git remote set-url --push upstream no_push
```

_Adding the `upstream` remote sets you up nicely for regularly
[syncing your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/)._

### Requirements

You must install these tools:

1.  [`go`](https://golang.org/doc/install): The language Shipwright Build is
    built in
1.  [`git`](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/): For source control
1.  A container runtime to build the operator image, such as [`docker`](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) or [podman](https://podman.io/)
1.  [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/): For
    interacting with your kube cluster

### Create a cluster and a repo

1. [Set up a kubernetes cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/)
   - Follow the instructions in the Kubernetes doc.

> 1. Set up a docker repository for pushing images. You can use any container
>    image registry by adjusting the authentication methods and repository paths
>    mentioned in the sections below.
>    - [Docker Hub quickstart](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/)
>    - [IBM Container Registry quickstart](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/Registry)

Reviewer: I would try to be a bit more neutral here:

```suggestion
1. Set up a container image repository for pushing images. Any container image registry that is accessible to your cluster can be used for your repository. This can be a public registry like [Docker Hub])(https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/), [quay.io](https://quay.io), or a container registry run by your cloud provider.
```

Author: Sure thing. Done

-   [Shipwright Build overview and tutorial](https://github.com/shipwright-io/build/blob/master/docs/README.md) -
    Define `BuildStrategies`, `Builds`, and `BuildRuns`, see what happens when
    they are run

### Checkout your fork

The Go tools require that you clone the repository to the
`src/github.com/shipwright-io/build` directory in your
[`GOPATH`](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/SettingGOPATH).

To check out this repository:

1.  Create your own
    [fork of this repo](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/)
1.  Clone it to your machine:

```shell
mkdir -p ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/shipwright-io
cd ${GOPATH}/src/github.com/shipwright-io
git clone git@github.com:${YOUR_GITHUB_USERNAME}/build.git
cd build
git remote add upstream git@github.com:shipwright-io/build.git
git remote set-url --push upstream no_push
```

_Adding the `upstream` remote sets you up nicely for regularly
[syncing your fork](https://help.github.com/articles/syncing-a-fork/)._

### Requirements

You must install these tools:

1.  [`go`](https://golang.org/doc/install): The language Shipwright Build is
    built in
1.  [`git`](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/): For source control

> 1.  [`docker`](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/): For building operator image

Author: Changed, thx

1.  [`kubectl`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/): For
    interacting with your kube cluster

## Kubernetes cluster

The recommended configuration is:

-   Kubernetes version `1.17` or later

> -   4 vCPU nodes (`n1-standard-4`)

Author: I changed the cluster setup to a generic introduction way.
